OSDOCS-13576: Added info on rosa create network command (#91784)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key.adoc

* Operator roles

[id="rosa-hcp-creating-cluster-with-aws-kms-key-creating-vpc"]
== Creating a Virtual Private Cloud for your {hcp-title} clusters

> You must have a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) to create {hcp-title} cluster. You can use the following methods to create a VPC:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) to create a {hcp-title} cluster. Use one of the following methods to create a VPC:
```

> * Create a VPC using the ROSA CLI

Reviewer: Wait - this might be the first mention of CLI. Wherever it is first mentioned, spell it out.

The Terraform instructions are for testing and demonstration purposes. Your own installation requires some modifications to the VPC for your own use. You should also ensure that when you use this Terraform script it is in the same region that you intend to install your cluster. In these examples, use `us-east-2`.
====

[discrete]
include::modules/rosa-hcp-create-network.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
[discrete]
include::modules/rosa-hcp-custom-create-network.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_rosa-hcp-create-network-kms-key"]
.Additional resources

* See the link:https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/[AWS CloudFormation] for more information about structuring CloudFormation files to create VPCs.

> * See this link:https://github.com/openshift/rosa/blob/master/cmd/create/network/templates/rosa-quickstart-default-vpc/cloudformation.yaml[default VPC AWS CloudFormation template] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See the link:https://github.com/openshift/rosa/blob/master/cmd/create/network/templates/rosa-quickstart-default-vpc/cloudformation.yaml[default VPC AWS CloudFormation template] for more information.
```
